# Weighted-Linear-Regression

In that question, I implemented a linear regression algorithm which is specified by having the feature of using weights. That algorithm minimizes the cost as much as possible and computes the theta values in every iteration. In weighted linear regression, we have an query point that is given as a parameter to the weighted linear regression function. The main purpose is calculating the distance between newly added query point and points which are from training set. By calculating the distance, it is possible to calculate weights for each point. The closer query point to the one of the points in the training set, the higher the weight we would get. By using weighted linear regression, it is possible get more accurate predictions and model does not learn the pattern directly from the training set.
In the first part of the question, I have implemented a weighted linear regression code as it is directed in the assignment. After setting tau=0.1, I get the following graph. When it is examined, it looks like polynomial regression and it can be said that it works.

It can be said that when the tau decreases, the graph becomes more sensitive and resultingly, it over fits. In order to see the too sensitive predictions, the graph with tau = 0.001 should be looked into. Thus, when tau decreases, algorithms starts to act much more sensitive and give much more complex results. When the tau is too high, then it is, again, impossible to fit correctly. When the tau becomes too high, predictions are much less accurate because algorithm tends to work not perfectly. Thus, it is not wrong to say that in order to have a accurate model, the tau should be a low value. However, it is important to be careful to pick a tau by avoiding over fitting. 
